hey Rob wood here doing a response to
review where a Vice President Joe Biden
made this statement our president has a
big stick in I can imagine the comments
that are coming off not only what I'm
doing but from what he said in all
kidding aside friends I believe
America's problem right now is not
political its spiritual now taking a
poll if you believe America's problem is
spiritual more than political hit the
like button and also give me your
comments whether you believe America's
problems more political or spiritual so
I don't think any president in the sound
of my voice could fix some of the
enemies we're facing such as the enemies
of debt abortions and enemy
pornography's an enemy now you may be
saying Rob why you coming on hey I'm a
minister of the gospel friends if you
want to subscribe to my ministry channel
by YouTube you're welcome to at the same
time I've got many of the Christian
preaching teaching ministry videos where
I talk about heaven hell angels demons
Christianity the Bible etc eternity but
the point I'm trying to make is my
interpretation I don't want to know your
interpretation of the one to one stick
is but the Bible talks about one stick
in the Book of Ezekiel chapter 37 I
believe verse 17 what that means is we
have got to be unified we have got a
divided nation sort of like in the days
of the Civil War you know the east vs.
you know the North versus South the
point I'm trying to make friends is
we've got Republicans versus Democrat
said hey we've got to come together we
gotta pray for our president not
necessarily honor the man but we have
got to honor the office I mean if you
look at some of these pictures of the
president's when they first go into
office four years later and they age
like 20 25 years per turn point I'm
trying to make friends I believe
America's problems more spiritual
America was founded on Christian roots
on godly principles on the Bible friends
are praying for America in the book is
second chronicles chapter seven verse 14
says if my people God's people who are
called by his name will humble
themselves and pray and seek his face
good Bible says God will hear from
heaven and will heal their land we have
got to see the land of America healed
once again it comes by prayer from
turning a hearts back to go
on making them the center of our life
friends if you've never accepted Christ
into your heart the Bible says today's a
dance salvation tomorrow's promised to
no man with spiritually created beings
when we will never die you will never
die how long's eternity you may ask me
it's without and friends in a billion
years now is it a billion times a
billion years no it's without end when
you take your last breath either the
elevator goes up to life insurance or
down to the basement which is fire
insurance and come on you know the
scripture in the book of John third
chapter 16 verse simply States for God
so loved the world he gave His only Son
Jesus that if you would believe in Jesus
should not perish you have everlasting
life hey say this prayer let me say
Jesus thank you for dying in the cross
of my sins thank you for being my Lord
and Savior friends we've got to pray for
America God has a great destiny for
America we have been the massive super
power throughout the earth it seems like
we're doing weird weaning from that and
I'm just believing for revival a
spiritual awakening and outpouring of
the presence of the Lord coming on youth
coming on young adults hey again my name
is Rob would I'm a minister of the
gospel of Jesus Christ friends you could
subscribe to my ministry channel or
check out many of the Christian
preaching teaching ministry videos I
have my youtube join me and prayer
father I thank you for America you love
America you got a special plan purpose
destiny inheritance for America father
bless this great nation that was founded
on you on godly principles bless it in
Jesus name let's get that one stick
friends we can defeat the enemy once
again be blessed